Hey there!



Congratulations! We would like to invite you to the Bloomberg New York office to complete your interview process.



This role has teams in our Princeton, NJ office as well. Please let us know if you are interested and we will schedule your interview in that location. No matter where you interview, the process is the same. Learn more about our Princeton Engineering department at https://www.bloomberg.com/careers/princeton-office-guide/.



Our next Interview days are on 11/5, 11/6, 11/7 at 10:45AM ET. Please let me know which dates work for you and include your answers to the questions below. Bloomberg will book round trip travel and 1 night hotel accommodation for your interview day.



What is your coding preference? Please let me know so I can let your interviewers know!



1. Paper

2. Whiteboard

3. PC/Laptop *please let us know if you will be bringing your own



* Would you prefer a meat or veggie lunch option?



* Where will you be traveling from?



* Please pick a statement below that best reflects your preferences:



1. After completion of my interview, I prefer to return immediately. Please book my travel accordingly.



2. After completion of my interview, I prefer to spend extra time in New York City. Please book my return travel for the next day.



*Please note that Bloomberg will provide a 1 night hotel accommodation. If you wish to stay in New York City longer, you will need to arrange other accommodations.



Once I receive your travel preference, I will schedule your interview. A confirmation will be sent to you with more details of the interview day enclosed.



It is important to us that you are able to perform to the best of your ability during the interview process, so please let us know should you require any adjustments and we will make every effort to provide appropriate accommodations for you.



Please let me know if you currently have an offer from another company, as well as your deadline, so we can best accommodate your in-house interview schedule.



To learn more about our Engineering department at Bloomberg, please visit: http://www.bloomberg.com/engineering



Best,



Claire Shin

Bloomberg LP – Engineering Campus Recruitment

731 Lexington Ave

☏ Direct +1-212-617-0116
